Sure, I'd be glad to help. Here's a README.md file that fits your description:

---
# Estimating Pi with MapReduce and Monte Carlo Simulation

This project is aimed at estimating the value of Pi using a Monte Carlo simulation and a MapReduce program. The Monte Carlo simulation is a statistical technique that relies on random sampling to get numerical results. In our case, we generate a large number of random points within a square and determine the proportion that falls within a unit circle inscribed within the square. The ratio of points within the circle to the total points approximates the ratio of the areas of the circle to the square, which can be used to estimate Pi.

## Program Descriptions

1. **DartsGenerator**: This is a Java program that generates a specified number of random points within a square of a given radius. Each point is represented by its x and y coordinates. These points are written to a text file "input".

2. **PiEstimation MapReduce program**: This is a Java program that uses the Apache Hadoop MapReduce framework to estimate Pi. The Mapper takes the coordinates from "input", determines whether each point falls within the unit circle, and outputs a key-value pair where the key is the string "Is in circle?" and the value is 1 for points within the circle and 0 for points outside. The Reducer then calculates the ratio of the number of points within the circle to the total number of points and multiplies this ratio by 4 to estimate Pi.

## Running and Testing

### Compiling and Running DartsGenerator

To compile and run the DartsGenerator program, navigate to the directory containing `DartsGenerator.java` and run the following commands:

```bash
javac DartsGenerator.java
java DartsGenerator <radius> <number_of_points>
```

This will create a file "input" in the current directory with the generated points.

### Compiling and Running the MapReduce program

To compile the MapReduce program, navigate to the directory containing `PiEstimation.java` and run the following commands:

```bash
hadoop com.sun.tools.javac.Main PiEstimation.java
jar cf pi.jar PiEstimation*.class
```

Then, to run the MapReduce program with the input file generated by the DartsGenerator, use the following command:

```bash
hadoop jar pi.jar PiEstimation input output
```

This will write the output, including the Pi estimation, to a file in the "output" directory.

### Testing

You can test the programs by running them with different radii and numbers of points. The DartsGenerator program should always generate the correct number of points, and the MapReduce program should give an estimate of Pi that becomes more accurate as the number of points increases.

For example, if you run `java DartsGenerator 1 10000` followed by `hadoop jar pi.jar PiEstimation input output`, you should see that the output in "output/part-r-00000" is an approximation of Pi that is relatively close to the true value (~3.14159), depending on the random points generated.

## Detailed Slides
[Pi Estimation with Monte Carlo Simulation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1IthduyCaCp5rFA-NBaGAsmSMRzfl3HGoyJPeTPs3SMI/edit?usp=sharing)